# Find_your_route

### The Task: 
"Given a set of delivery points and nth number of deliveryman, are we able to optimise the utilisation of the deliveryman to make it to all delivery points?"

As delivery points are random in nature and can be located in any area, it is crucial to be able to group these points within a certain boundary so that it is able to be assigned to a deliveryman for dispatch. This can be done through clustering. 

### The Objective:

1. To evaluate clustering methods in order to cluster delivery points so that delivery route can be optimised.

    For this problem, KMeans and DBScan will be used to see which method is more suitable to setup a baseline clustering model    for future optimisation. 

2. Come up with a routing system for the deliveryman. 

    As vehicular routing problems usually starts with the problem of spending the least amount of effort to cover the most         number of points when moving. 
    The problem itself appears to be a operations related optimisation problem. This situation is rather similar to a problem     posted in the 19th century termed as the 'Travelling Salesman Problem'
    
### The Deliverables:

1.  Cluster all delivery points for assignment to deliveryman
    Insights and clustering results will be presented in the jupyter notebook

2.  For each cluster, come up with a efficient route for the deliveryman to follow.
    A pseudo 'beamsearch' algorithm is used to plan a delivery route

3.  Visualisation 
    The visualisation will be presented in Google map. The map will consist of:
    * Cluster visualistaion for all deliveryman
    * Example of the routes generated by the algorithm

4.  Others 
    Suggestions will be presented in a notebook for reference

